Form: describe Smart Paste API (#8011)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxForm/1 Configuration/onSmartPasting.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
A function that is executed before an AI service populates the Form.

##### param(e): ui/form:SmartPastingEvent
Information about the event that caused the function's execution.

##### field(e.aiResult): Object

> Smart Paste results. This data populates the Form fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smart Paste results. Data from this object populates the Form.
```

##### field(e.cancel): Boolean | Promise<Boolean>

> `true` or a Promise resolved with `true` stops Smart Pasting.       

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`true` or a Promise resolved with `true` cancels Smart Paste.       
```

> `true`, a Promise resolved with `true`, or a rejected Promise stops Smart Pasting.       

Reviewer 2: If there is a rejected promise it will handle it as false and it will continues Smart Pasting

> `false`, a Promise resolved with `false` or `undefined`, or a rejected Promise continues Smart Pasting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`false`, a Promise resolved with `false` or `undefined`, or a rejected Promise allows Smart Paste.
```

##### field(e.component): {WidgetName}
UI component's instance.

##### field(e.element): DxElement
#include common-ref-elementparam with { element: "UI component" }

---

> The following code snippet cancels Smart Paste operation when a ZIP code is not present in the `aiResult`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code snippet cancels a Smart Paste operation if a ZIP code is not present in the `aiResult`:
```
